hey how you doing Jax Cal funny here
ready to do another show but this time
we're leaving the kitchen we're going on
a field trip we're gonna be going to
Whole Foods Market that's right we're
gonna check out the Disneyland of
supermarkets I am so excited I got the
rib mobile packed and we're ready to go
come on let's do it okay we're here at
Whole Foods getting kind of crazy
because it's lunchtime let's go inside
and eat some food by the way did you
realize how big this place is check it
out
huge it's absolutely humongous all right
here we are inside Whole Foods Market
and we're gonna start in the seafood
section
okay now the seafood section as all
sections in this store is humongous it's
absolutely amazing I've never seen the
seafood section as big as this so what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna pull back just
a little bit here and kind of give you a
view of how really long this seafood
section is it is so long it got it's
just it's amazing this side of the
seafood section is prepared prepared
seafood it's been cooked it's been
seasoned it's ready to take home it's
ready to eat and it's delicious
we got cooked shrimp you got mahi-mahi
and my favorite Chilean sea bass there's
halibut swordfish and scallops it's
absolutely amazing
this stuff's so fresh Oh check it out
you can see some of it moving that's how
fresh it is if you want it cooked they
will cook it behind the counter just ask
them to black in it marinate it seasoned
it unbelievable I don't know anybody
that does that so this is really cool
there's something you don't see in every
store this area is seafood salads and
that area of seafood soups
everything here is made fresh every
single day
oh hey smoked meat right here on the
premises that's right
they've got beef and pork on this side
and over there's chicken all right
here's my favorite part of the whole
store and I'm only showing you half of
it look how long this meat counter is
the other halfs behind me we'll show you
in a minute
but this part right here all this here
is homemade sausage there must be 25
rows of homemade sausage I've got the
Louisiana hot sausage I've got the hot
Italian sausage the sweet sausage I've
got ground turkey
I've got ground chicken I've got turkey
legs
I've got turkey necks and then you've
got duck and it goes on and on and on
okay so here's the other half of this
huge meat department this is where your
meals are this is where your rack of
lamb is this is where your short ribs
are which aren't short at all
you've got like three inches of meat on
them your beef it's absolutely amazing
your pork is over here this is my
favorite spot this is where I like to
sauce it up these also are free-range
and have no hormones absolutely amazing
this place that I'm standing in is in
the center of Whole Foods Market and
this place is their wine tasting area
and they do beer tasting here there's
seating everywhere they open up the area
and you can sit here and you can even
taste sake on Saturday afternoons the
cheese section is absolutely amazing I
didn't know there was that many I
thought there was Swiss in America and
that was it
you know that's all I see on my burger
anyway but you can try any of these
cheeses there are different flavors from
all over the country all over the world
despite that this cheese selection is
huge okay I am leaning in
the olive bar they have over twenty one
different olives in the olive bar an
olive bar have you ever heard of an
olive bar I didn't know what existed so
I walked in here all right so they have
hot Chinese food ooh they have pizza a
pizza bar you can make your own pizza
you can request your own pizza whatever
you want on it
they have toppings galore or you can buy
some of the stuff that's already made oh
my gosh I am so hungry you can make your
own sandwiches they have a sandwich bar
Umiat wraps you can get regular
sandwiches anything you like your make
it yourself
pick your bread put whatever you want on
it you even have pre-made sandwiches I'm
telling you this store goes on forever
where's the Disneyland tram when you
need it this is the most incredible
section of the whole store I've never
seen this at any store other than Whole
Foods prepared foods already ready to be
taken home and eat me I have six
different lasagnas they're missing too
we've normally ate I've got vegetables
that have been steamed stir-fried
seasoned
I've got beet salad I've got meatballs
and I've got grape leaves that have
already been wrapped and I've got pasta
salads it goes on and on it goes
literally all the way over there all the
way around the big huge circle oh stop
following me okay so here's the deal
this is tuna salad with cranberry I'm
gonna try it out right now
Wow
I just did a shot a team of solid that
was crazy I need a salt in the lime this
is delicious it's the best tuna sauce
I've ever had okay they have the most
amazing selection of sauces especially
barbecue sauce barbecue sauce for the
cute moving just a little bit on this
let me know when you're zoomed in just
the bottles not me oh my god look this
is the best barbecue sauce you'll ever
taste
that's my sauce can you believe it oh my
gosh oh look hey there's a hot version
right next to it these are my sauces
that are at Whole Foods I'm so excited
okay anyway we're look we're gonna move
on because it's not about my sauce but
you can get my sauce at Whole Foods
Market okay this is like one of my
favorite sections okay I know I said
about the meat and I know I said it
about seafood but this is like really my
favorite section because after I'm done
chowing everywhere I want a cup of java
they have over 20 different brands of
beans their apps a beautiful dark light
and here's the cool part you ready for
this they roast them right here on the
premises doesn't get any fresher than
that we go let's look at this one over
here oh this one's selling out like that
what does that one I mean there they
have specials going all the time
it is unbelievable it goes on and on you
can have them ground here they do it
whatever you need behind the counter
they take care of you in every way
that's Whole Foods and nobody nobody
doesn't like your piece all right so
what can I say
our first field trip was a major success
thanks for joining me in a Whole Foods
Market it's beautiful check it out
we'll see on the next episode take care